# Retro for 07/15/2018 Meetup

## Good
* Overall, many like the open format (but, should continue to make improvements)
* It seemed like most folks were engaged with the discussion, lots of shared perspectives from different groups & demographics
* Good to see people having discussion before and after
* Introductions & name tags helped folks meet other developers
* People had great topics and many had them ready to go
* Space was better for being able to see/hear discussion
* Tea - Be sure to grab a cup in person at TeaRex!
* Appreciated the open discussion, safe environment, and that people shared their mistakes, and offered to discuss pay
* Didn’t feel like people were trying to impress each other

## Bad
* Last minute location change
* Having to be let in takes a lot of time
* Started late and question sourcing & voting took a lot of time, leading to a long meetup (2 hours)
* Overall pace could be improved - How might we keep ourselves accountable?
* Some drift from main topic - How might we nudge folks back on track?
* Confusion over coffee/tea service - In the future, we’ll be providing the tea & coffee, not CIC
* Some repeat & similar topics - How might we provide resources to reduce this?


## What can we do differently?

* Find a better & more permanent venue - In the works
* Keeping a better pace - We may introduce a “timer” to keep us on schedule. Other suggestions?
* Have pre-submitted topics - Allow attendees to submit (and possibly vote) on topics of discussion. Does anyone know of any good online resources for this?
* Introductions were helpful, but added to the overall time - How might we give faster introductions? Would people prefer a dedicated ‘networking’ time beforehand?
* Add preferred pronouns to nametags and during introductions
* Better racial diversity - Reach out to local orgs and contacts during planning? I know we can do better at seeking other perspectives, and I certainly could use any help or suggestions on how to do so!
* Add workshops, but also keeping open format - Maybe either alternate workshops w/ open format, or use open format as a fallback if workshops don’t have enough volunteers?
